ha
hey guys what is going on today I just
want to share with you guys something
that I am really excited about and
hopefully you guys think is pretty cool
i just opened up my new little t-shirt
shop thingy so there will be a link to
this in the description and actually i
had it on this page for going to show
you guys right here i have it on my
channel banner and i also i'm putting it
in the description of like all my videos
you know how has like my Twitter and
Facebook and all that stuff so we'll be
down there as well so if you guys are
interested in getting a t-shirt i will
show you guys all the different stuffs
and whatnot and hopefully find one that
you would like to buy that would be oh
my god to be so cool to see some of you
guys wearing my shirts and I just think
that'd be really sweet so most of these
I designed myself obviously the swagga p
was done by the guy who made my
background but i just like up the
quality so it could fit on a shirt so
here is you know a basic little shop
thing we got here as you can see we got
all the different products here um the
swag p1 is probably like my favorite or
the one that says swag on it so um
here's all the different designs we got
that you can get really on anything if
there's like a something that you want
that the design in here doesn't have let
me know and I can actually like you know
make that product on here so it's
available to buy but we have the swagga
p this one that says super duper
tutorials and it's got my little avatar
thing so from Team sento made me and
this one was a pain in the butt to make
but I think it turned out really cool
super duper tutorials written in all
pokeballs swagga p approved as you know
ography and then this one just says swig
and then this one says super duper
tutorial is just like this but it's in
white you obviously can't see it because
it's on a white background but yes we
have all these different signs and a few
um you know you click on one of these
you can see all the different stuff that
I have available for it I did get the
ladies shirts guys shirts nah nah I
think I have some long sleeve some
what's it called hoodies and then I made
some buttons look at these are fun we
also have youth sizes so if you're a
little fella we got the these sizes
hunting and women size
here kids sizes they're about the same
price i thought they would be a little
cheaper i think they're just like a
dollar less or something so if you're
interested in any of those there is a
bunch of different colors you can get i
know on here it just shows like that one
you know right here but you can get it
you know if you wanted the swagga p1 and
like whatever you know i can get it you
can change the color of it there's lots
of different options so i think my
favorite out of these which i am going
to buy on myself obviously is the swag
highly recommend the swag shirt we got
all these different colors you guys are
feeling feeling a little crazy so yeah
i'm really excited about this i hope you
guys you know you go and check out the
shop at least and um you know maybe
you'll find a shirt that you like and
you want to buy i try to make them
affordable enough so that you know you
guys can get one so yeah so what do we
got other than that um oh if you guys
one check out college 84 i uploaded a
new video just crazy I see upload a new
video the other day so if you guys want
to check that out i will be uploading
more on there soon so that's my call
duty channel so if you guys want to
check that out go ahead in other news i
have a what's it called rising fists or
furious fist whatever the pokemon the
new x and y set coming in the mail the
Japanese set and I'm very much excited
to open it I got one booster box so stay
tuned for that should be here really
soon and I'm really excited to open that
so that'll be the new set i think it
came out in japan on jun 14th so I mean
I'm a little late on the the old train
there but still works so um other than
that stay tuned you know obviously for
that booster box opening I have a flash
fire Korean booster box I'm gonna be
opening soon also and I think that's
about it so please do me a favor and at
least check it out check out the site if
you want to UM if you're interested in
getting a shirt it would really oh my
god it be so awesome if you guys if I
saw when you guys wearing my shirt I
probably freaked out so we also got some
buttons if you feeling crazy so yeah
thank you guys so much for watching stay
tuned for more videos thank you guys
very much as you can see we're at 46
thousand eight hundred subscribers which
is ridiculous
I can't even like every time I look at
this number it keeps going up and I just
think that's the most incredible thing
and it's really cool so thank you guys
very much um you guys are awesome you're
crazy I love you guys so much so yeah
thank you for watching again and all the
all the other sets of fun stuff go check
out the t-shirts and that's about it I
will see you guys next time bye